c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Resources\logo_wetasphalt.png
C:\Users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Resources\logo_pumpkin.png
C:\Users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Resources\logo_peterriver.png
C:\Users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Resources\logo_orange.png
C:\Users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Resources\logo_nephritis.png
C:\Users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Resources\logo_greensea.png
C:\Users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Resources\logo_asbestos.png
C:\Users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Resources\logo_amethyst.png
C:\Users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Resources\logo_alizarin.png
